---
title: Como usar a Autenticação do modem (ADAL) com o Skype for Business
ms.author: heidip
author: microsoftheidi
manager: serdars
ms.date: 2/13/2018
ms.audience: ITPro
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: skype-for-business-itpro
localization_priority: Normal
ms.collection: IT_Skype16
ms.assetid: 5ca71746-ead6-4e8c-90b1-461e846d1f4a
description: This article explains how to use Modern Authentication (which is based on the Active Directory Authentication Library (ADAL) and OAuth 2.0) that can be found in the March 2016 Cumulative Update for Skype for Business for Skype for Business Server 2015.
ms.openlocfilehash: efd0e35ce92143e9fb5fda03301eb51d2926c979
ms.sourcegitcommit: 7d819bc9eb63bfd85f5dada09f1b8e5354c56f6b
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: pt-BR
ms.lasthandoff: 03/28/2018
---
# <a name="how-to-use-modern-authentication-adal-with-skype-for-business"></a><span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-103">Como usar a Autenticação do modem (ADAL) com o Skype for Business</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-103">How to use Modern Authentication (ADAL) with Skype for Business</span></span>
 
<span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-104">This article explains how to use Modern Authentication (which is based on the Active Directory Authentication Library (ADAL) and OAuth 2.0) that can be found in the March 2016 Cumulative Update for Skype for Business for Skype for Business Server 2015.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-104">This article explains how to use Modern Authentication (which is based on the Active Directory Authentication Library (ADAL) and OAuth 2.0) that can be found in the March 2016 Cumulative Update for Skype for Business for Skype for Business Server 2015.</span></span>
  
## <a name="whats-in-this-article"></a><span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-105">O que há neste artigo?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-105">What's in this article?</span></span>

[<span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-106">O que é ADAL?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-106">What is ADAL?</span></span>](use-adal.md#BKMK_ADAL)
  
[<span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-107">Configurar ADAL em seu pool e definir o ADFS como servidor de token de segurança</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-107">Configure ADAL in your pool and set ADFS as security token server</span></span>](use-adal.md#BKMK_Config)
  
[<span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-108">Outras opções para habilitar a entrada na ADAL (como aplicativos cliente do Office)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-108">Other Options for Enabling ADAL sign-in (like Office client apps)</span></span>](use-adal.md#BKMK_Options)
  
[<span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-109">Clientes onde a Autenticação Moderna/ADAL não é compatível</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-109">Clients where Modern Authentication / ADAL isn't Supported</span></span>](use-adal.md#BKMK_Support)
  
## <a name="what-is-adal"></a><span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-110">O que é ADAL?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-110">What is ADAL?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-111"><a name="BKMK_ADAL"> </a></span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-111"></span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-112">ADAL é o acrônimo de “Biblioteca de Autenticação do Active Directory" e, junto com o OAuth 2.0, constitui a base da Autenticação Moderna.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-112">ADAL is the acronym for the 'Active Directory Authentication Library', and, along with OAuth 2.0, it is an underpinning of Modern Authentication.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-113">This code library is designed to make secured resources in your directory available to client applications (like Skype for Business) via security tokens.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-113">This code library is designed to make secured resources in your directory available to client applications (like Skype for Business) via security tokens.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-114">A ADAL interage com o OAuth 2.0 para habilitar mais cenários de autenticação e autorização, como MFA (Multi-factor Authentication), bem como mais formas de Autenticação de SAML.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-114">ADAL works with OAuth 2.0 to enable more authentication and authorization scenarios, like Multi-factor Authentication (MFA), and more forms of SAML Auth.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-115">Vários aplicativos que atuam como clientes podem aproveitar a Autenticação Moderna para obter recursos seguros.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-115">A variety of apps that act as clients can leverage Modern Authentication for help in getting to secured resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-116">In Skype for Business Server 2015, this technology is used between on-premises clients and on-premises servers in order to give users a proper level of authorization to resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-116">In Skype for Business Server 2015, this technology is used between on-premises clients and on-premises servers in order to give users a proper level of authorization to resources.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-117">As conversas de Autenticação Moderna (que se baseiam em ADAL e OAuth 2.0) têm alguns elementos em comum.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-117">Modern Authentication conversations (which are based on ADAL and OAuth 2.0) have some elements in common.</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-118">There is a client making a request for a resource, in this case, the client is Skype for Business.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-118">There is a client making a request for a resource, in this case, the client is Skype for Business.</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-119">There is a resource to which the client needs a specific level of access, and this resource is secured by a directory service, in this case the resource is Skype for Business Server 2015.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-119">There is a resource to which the client needs a specific level of access, and this resource is secured by a directory service, in this case the resource is Skype for Business Server 2015.</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-120">There is an OAuth connection, in other words, a connection that is dedicated to  *authorizing*  a user to access a resource.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-120">There is an OAuth connection, in other words, a connection that is dedicated to  *authorizing*  a user to access a resource.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-121">(OAuth também é conhecido pelo nome mais descritivo, autenticação "Servidor a Servidor' e é frequentemente abreviado como S2S.)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-121">(OAuth is also known by the more descriptive name, 'Server-to-Server' auth, and is often abbreviated as S2S.)</span></span>
    
<span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-122">In Skype for Business Server 2015 Modern Authentication (ADAL) conversations, Skype for Business Server 2015 communicates through ADFS (ADFS 3.0 in Windows Server 2012 R2).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-122">In Skype for Business Server 2015 Modern Authentication (ADAL) conversations, Skype for Business Server 2015 communicates through ADFS (ADFS 3.0 in Windows Server 2012 R2).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-123">A autenticação pode ser feita usando algum outro IdP (Provedor de Identidade), mas o servidor do Skype for Business precisa ser configurado para se comunicar com o ADFS diretamente.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-123">The authentication may happen using some other Identity Provider (IdP), but Skype for Business server needs to be configured to communicate with ADFS, directly.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-124">If you haven't configured ADFS to work with Skype for Business Server 2015 please complete the [ADFS installation](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/adfs2-step-by-step-guides%28v=ws.10%29.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-124">If you haven't configured ADFS to work with Skype for Business Server 2015 please complete the [ADFS installation](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/adfs2-step-by-step-guides%28v=ws.10%29.aspx).</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-125">ADAL is included in the March 2016 Cumulative Update for Skype for Business Server 2015, and the March 2016 Cumulative Update for Skype for Business **must** be installed and is needed for successful configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-125">ADAL is included in the March 2016 Cumulative Update for Skype for Business Server 2015, and the March 2016 Cumulative Update for Skype for Business **must** be installed and is needed for successful configuration.</span></span>
  
> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-126">During the initial release, Modern Authentication in an on-premises environment is supported only if there is no mixed Skype topology involved.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-126">During the initial release, Modern Authentication in an on-premises environment is supported only if there is no mixed Skype topology involved.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-127">For example, if the environment is purely Skype for Business Server 2015.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-127">For example, if the environment is purely Skype for Business Server 2015.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-128">This statement may be subject to change.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-128">This statement may be subject to change.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-129">Um pacote do PowerShell incluindo arquivos .ps1 com os comandos usados por ADAL deve ser baixado para a configuração com êxito.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-129">A PowerShell package including .ps1 files with the commands used by ADAL must be downloaded for successful configuration.</span></span>
  
### <a name="configure-adal-in-your-pool-and-set-adfs-as-security-token-server"></a><span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-130">Configurar ADAL em seu pool e definir o ADFS como servidor de token de segurança</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-130">Configure ADAL in your pool and set ADFS as security token server</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-131"><a name="BKMK_Config"> </a></span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-131"></span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-132">In this process, you connect your installation of ADFS to a Skype for Business Server 2015 pool that is configured for ADAL.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-132">In this process, you connect your installation of ADFS to a Skype for Business Server 2015 pool that is configured for ADAL.</span></span>
  
1. <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-133">Install the March 2016 Cumulative Update for Skype for Business Server 2015 to your Skype for Business Server 2015 pool or Standard Edition server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-133">Install the March 2016 Cumulative Update for Skype for Business Server 2015 to your Skype for Business Server 2015 pool or Standard Edition server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-134">(Agende as janelas de manutenção, conforme necessário, para executar o Windows Update para a instalação automática.)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-134">(Schedule maintenance windows, as needed, to run Windows Update for the automatic installation.)</span></span>
    
2. <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-135">On your on-premises ADFS server(s), [download](https://aka.ms/sfbadalscripts) the Setup-AdfsOAuthTrustForSfB script.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-135">On your on-premises ADFS server(s), [download](https://aka.ms/sfbadalscripts) the Setup-AdfsOAuthTrustForSfB script.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-136">Isso precisa ser feito por farm de ADFS ou por servidores ADFS independentes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-136">(This needs to be done per ADFS farm or independent ADFS server(s).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-137">Não precisa ser feito nos proxies ADFS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-137">It does not need to be done on ADFS Proxy or proxies).</span></span>
    
3. <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-138">Make a note of the internal and external Web Service fully qualified domain names (FQDNs) for your Skype for Business Server 2015 pool or Standard Edition server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-138">Make a note of the internal and external Web Service fully qualified domain names (FQDNs) for your Skype for Business Server 2015 pool or Standard Edition server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-139">Isso precisa ser feito para todos os Pools do Skype for Business.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-139">This needs to be done for all the Skype for Business Pools.</span></span>
    
4. <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-p109">Do PowerShell nos Servidores ADFS(s), execute o Setup-AdfsOAuthTrustForSfB. Será necessário inserir as devidas URLs dos FQDNs dos Serviços Web internos e externos. Veja um exemplo:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-p109">From PowerShell on the ADFS Server(s), run the Setup-AdfsOAuthTrustForSfB. You will need to enter the proper URLs for the internal and external Web Service FQDNs. Here's an example:</span></span>
    
     `Setup-AdfsOAuthTrustForSfB.ps1 -poolIDs https://contosoSkype.contoso.com,https://contoso01Skype.contosoIn.com`
    
    <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-143">For any additional pools, you will need to add the Pool Web Services URLs manually to the Skype for Business Server 2015 Relying Party Trust in ADFS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-143">For any additional pools, you will need to add the Pool Web Services URLs manually to the Skype for Business Server 2015 Relying Party Trust in ADFS.</span></span>
    
    > [!IMPORTANT]
    > <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-144">Não é possível usar a Autenticação Passiva para um Pool e usar também a ADAL.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-144">It isn't possible to use Passive Authentication for a Pool and also use ADAL.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-145">Você deve desabilitar a Autenticação Passiva para poder usar a ADAL.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-145">You must disable Passive Authentication in order to use ADAL.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-146">For PowerShell cmdlets on how to set authentication for a Pool see [this](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/gg398396.aspx) article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-146">For PowerShell cmdlets on how to set authentication for a Pool see [this](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/gg398396.aspx) article.</span></span>
  
    > [!TIP]
    > <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-147">If you have additional pools you need to add them as [Identifiers](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/gg557759%28v=ws.10%29.aspx) to the Relying Party Trust in ADFS.> Go to your ADFS server and open ADFS Management.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-147">If you have additional pools you need to add them as [Identifiers](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/gg557759%28v=ws.10%29.aspx) to the Relying Party Trust in ADFS.> Go to your ADFS server and open ADFS Management.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-148">Expand Trust Relationships \> Relying Party Trusts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-148">Expand Trust Relationships \> Relying Party Trusts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-149">Right-click the Relying Party Trust that's listed and right-click for Properties \> Identifiers \> type the additional Pool URL(s) \> click Add.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-149">Right-click the Relying Party Trust that's listed and right-click for Properties \> Identifiers \> type the additional Pool URL(s) \> click Add.</span></span> 
  
5. <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-150">Return to your Skype for Business Server 2015 Front End or Standard Edition server server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-150">Return to your Skype for Business Server 2015 Front End or Standard Edition server server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-151">From here you must run cmdlets that create an OAuth server and modify that OAuth configuration to work with Skype for Business.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-151">From here you must run cmdlets that create an OAuth server and modify that OAuth configuration to work with Skype for Business.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-152">You only need to do this step once per Skype for Business Server 2015 deployment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-152">You only need to do this step once per Skype for Business Server 2015 deployment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-153">Veja um exemplo:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-153">Here is an example:</span></span>
    
     `New-CsOAuthServer -Identity sts.contosoIn.com -Type ADFS -MetadataURL https://sts.contosoIn.com/FederationMetadata/2007-06/FederationMetadata.xml`
    
    > [!TIP]
    > <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-154">The 'Identity' URL you see in this command is actually the ADFS Federation Service Name you can see in ADFS Management when you right-click Service \> Properties.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-154">The 'Identity' URL you see in this command is actually the ADFS Federation Service Name you can see in ADFS Management when you right-click Service \> Properties.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-155">The 'Type' is always ADFS, and the 'MetadataURL' is always \<Your ADFS service name\> + "/FederationMetadata/2007-06/FederationMetadata.xml".</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-155">The 'Type' is always ADFS, and the 'MetadataURL' is always \<Your ADFS service name\> + "/FederationMetadata/2007-06/FederationMetadata.xml".</span></span> 
  
     `Set-CsOAuthConfiguration -ClientAuthorizationOAuthServerIdentity sts.contosoIn.com`
    
6. <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-156">Still on your Skype for Business Server 2015 Front End or Standard Edition server, test the new configuration by entering the SIP address of a user and the pool FQDN.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-156">Still on your Skype for Business Server 2015 Front End or Standard Edition server, test the new configuration by entering the SIP address of a user and the pool FQDN.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-157">You only need to do this step once per Skype for Business Server 2015 deployment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-157">You only need to do this step once per Skype for Business Server 2015 deployment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-158">Veja um exemplo:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-158">This is an example:</span></span>
    
     `Test-CsRegistration -UserSipAddress AyakaY@contosoIns.com -TargetFqdn Pool1.contoso.com -Authentication OAuthInteractive`
    
7. <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-p115">Quando solicitado, certifique-se de inserir as credenciais do usuário de teste. Verifique se o teste é concluído com sucesso.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-p115">When prompted, be sure to enter the credentials of the test user. Verify that the test completes successfully.</span></span>
    
    > [!NOTE]
    > <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-161">When your STS URL resolves to ADFS  *internally*  , the prompt you will see will be a **Windows Security** prompt.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-161">When your STS URL resolves to ADFS  *internally*  , the prompt you will see will be a **Windows Security** prompt.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-162">Se a URL for resolvida externamente, você verá um prompt denominado **Entrar**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-162">If the URL resolves externally, you'll see a prompt named **Sign in**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-163">Normalmente, desejamos um prompt de **Segurança do Windows** aqui.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-163">Typically, we would want a **Windows Security** prompt here.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-164">Observe que esse comportamento varia, particularmente se você implementou A Autenticação Baseada em Formulários (ou FBA).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-164">Note that this behaviour varies, particularly if you implemented Forms-Based Authentication (or FBA).</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-p117">Saiba ainda que, quando a URL STS for resolvida para um servidor ADFS interno e a autenticação do Windows Integrada estiver habilitada nos navegadores, os computadores nos quais vários usuários diferentes se conectam a aplicativos cliente poderão apresentar falhas ao autenticar a menos que o navegador tenha sido explicitamente configurado para solicitar aos usuários suas credenciais em uma determinada Zona de Segurança do navegador. Como exemplo, pense em um quiosque. A conta que está conectada no sistema operacional pode ser diferente da conta que o usuário fez logon no cliente Skype for Business. Se for esse o caso, talvez você veja as falhas descritas aqui.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-p117">Also be aware, when the STS URL resolves to an internal ADFS server and Windows Integrated authentication is enabled in browsers, computers where many different users sign in to client applications may have failures to authenticate unless the browser is explicitly configured to prompt users for their credentials in a given browser Security Zone. Think of a kiosk as an example. The account that is logged in to the Operating System may be different than the user account logging into the Skype for Business client. If this is the case, you may see the failures described here.</span></span>
    
<span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-169">You can see and change this browser setting in Internet Explorer by clicking \> Tools (or the Gear) \> Internet Options \> Security tab \> and the Security Zone (such as Local Intranet).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-169">You can see and change this browser setting in Internet Explorer by clicking \> Tools (or the Gear) \> Internet Options \> Security tab \> and the Security Zone (such as Local Intranet).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-170">Nessa caixa de diálogo, clique no botão Nível Personalizado e percorrer até o final da lista na caixa de diálogo Configurações.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-170">From this dialog, click the Custom level button and scroll to the end of the list in the Settings dialog.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-171">Under User Authentication \> Login \> you'll see an option to 'Prompt for user name and password'.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-171">Under User Authentication \> Login \> you'll see an option to 'Prompt for user name and password'.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-172">Se você tiver tiver quiosques nos quais o usuário que inicia o cliente Skype for Business seja diferente (possui uma conta diferente) do usuário conectado no computador, você poderá testar configurar essa opção como 'ATIVA' para essas máquinas em uma Política de Grupo.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-172">If you have kiosks where the user who starts the Skype for Business client is different (has a different account) from the user logged into the computer, you may want to test setting this option to 'ON' for these machines in a Group Policy.</span></span>
    
<span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-173">Finalmente, e o mais importante, você pode experimentar mais do que um aviso uma vez que o sistema de segurança coleta as informações necessárias para autenticar ou autorizar sua conta.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-173">Finally, and importantly, you may experience more than one prompt as the security system collects the information it needs to authenticate or authorize your account.</span></span>
    
### <a name="other-options-for-enabling-adal-sign-in-like-office-client-apps"></a><span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-174">Outras opções para habilitar a entrada na ADAL (como aplicativos cliente do Office)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-174">Other Options for Enabling ADAL sign-in (like Office client apps)</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-175"><a name="BKMK_Options"> </a></span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-175"></span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-176">Now that ADAL is configured for your Skype for Business and (automatically) for Office 2016 client apps across platforms, you may want to leverage it for Exchange Online (where it is not 'On' by default), or in Office 2013 clients.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-176">Now that ADAL is configured for your Skype for Business and (automatically) for Office 2016 client apps across platforms, you may want to leverage it for Exchange Online (where it is not 'On' by default), or in Office 2013 clients.</span></span>
  
> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-177">Precisa saber o que esperar de entradas na Autenticação Moderna de seus aplicativos cliente?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-177">Need to know what to expect from Modern Authentication sign-ins from your client apps?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-178">Take a look at [How modern authentication works for Office 2013 and Office 2016 client apps](https://support.office.com/en-us/article/How-modern-authentication-works-for-Office-2013-and-Office-2016-client-apps-e4c45989-4b1a-462e-a81b-2a13191cf517?ui=en-US&amp;rs=en-US&amp;ad=US).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-178">Take a look at [How modern authentication works for Office 2013 and Office 2016 client apps](https://support.office.com/en-us/article/How-modern-authentication-works-for-Office-2013-and-Office-2016-client-apps-e4c45989-4b1a-462e-a81b-2a13191cf517?ui=en-US&amp;rs=en-US&amp;ad=US).</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-179">To turn Modern Authentication on for Exchange Online, you'll need to run some PowerShell cmdlets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-179">To turn Modern Authentication on for Exchange Online, you'll need to run some PowerShell cmdlets.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-180">In the case of Office 2013 client apps, you will need to change some registry keys on client machines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-180">In the case of Office 2013 client apps, you will need to change some registry keys on client machines.</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-181">Connect to Exchange Online and run the following cmdlets:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-181">Connect to Exchange Online and run the following cmdlets:</span></span>
    
     `Set-OrganizationConfig -OAuth2ClientProfileEnabled:$true`
    
     `Get-OrganizationConfig | ft name, *OAuth*`
    
- <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-182">Defina essas chaves do Registro para cada dispositivo ou computador no qual você deseja habilitar a Autenticação Moderna.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-182">Set these registry keys for every device or computer on which you want to enable Modern Authentication.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-183">Você precisará de um GPO em organizações de maior porte.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-183">You will need a GPO in larger organizations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-184">For information on how to make a GPO, see the 'Create a Group Policy Object to modify the registry on a domain joined computer' of [this ](https://support.office.com/en-us/article/Switching-between-the-Skype-for-Business-and-the-Lync-client-user-interfaces-a2394a4c-7522-484c-a047-7b3289742be0)article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-184">For information on how to make a GPO, see the 'Create a Group Policy Object to modify the registry on a domain joined computer' of [this ](https://support.office.com/en-us/article/Switching-between-the-Skype-for-Business-and-the-Lync-client-user-interfaces-a2394a4c-7522-484c-a047-7b3289742be0)article.</span></span>
    
||||
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|<span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-185">Chave de Registro</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-185">Registry Key</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-186">Tipo</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-186">Type</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-187">Valor</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-187">Value</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-188">HKCU\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Office\15.0\Common\Identity\EnableADAL</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-188">HKCU\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Office\15.0\Common\Identity\EnableADAL</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-189">REG_DWORD</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-189">REG_DWORD</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-190">1</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-190">1</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-191">HKCU\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Office\15.0\Common\Identity\Version</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-191">HKCU\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Office\15.0\Common\Identity\Version</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-192">REG_DWORD</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-192">REG_DWORD</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-193">1</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-193">1</span></span>  <br/> |
   
<span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-194">Once these keys are set, set your Office 2013 apps to [use Multifactor Authentication (MFA) with Office 365](https://support.office.com/en-us/article/Set-up-multi-factor-authentication-for-Office-365-8f0454b2-f51a-4d9c-bcde-2c48e41621c6?ui=en-US&amp;rs=en-US&amp;ad=US).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-194">Once these keys are set, set your Office 2013 apps to [use Multifactor Authentication (MFA) with Office 365](https://support.office.com/en-us/article/Set-up-multi-factor-authentication-for-Office-365-8f0454b2-f51a-4d9c-bcde-2c48e41621c6?ui=en-US&amp;rs=en-US&amp;ad=US).</span></span>
  
> [!TIP]
> <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-195">To disable Modern Authentication on devices for Office 2013, set the HKCU\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Office\15.0\Common\Identity\EnableADAL registry key to a value of zero.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-195">To disable Modern Authentication on devices for Office 2013, set the HKCU\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Office\15.0\Common\Identity\EnableADAL registry key to a value of zero.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-196">Be aware that a similar Registry key (HKCU\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Office\ **16.0** \Common\Identity\EnableADAL) can also be used to disable Modern Authentication on devices for Office 2016.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-196">Be aware that a similar Registry key (HKCU\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Office\ **16.0** \Common\Identity\EnableADAL) can also be used to disable Modern Authentication on devices for Office 2016.</span></span>
  
### <a name="clients-where-modern-authentication--adal-isnt-supported"></a><span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-197">Clientes onde a Autenticação Moderna/ADAL não é compatível</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-197">Clients where Modern Authentication / ADAL isn't Supported</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-198"><a name="BKMK_Support"> </a></span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-198"></span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-p123">Algumas versões de cliente não oferecem suporte a OAuth. Você pode verificar se a versão do cliente Office no Painel de Controle no qual você Adiciona e Remove programas para comparar seu número de versão com as versões (ou intervalos de versões) está listada a seguir:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-p123">Some client versions don't support OAuth. You can check your version of Office client in Control Panel where you Add and Remove programs in order to compare your version number to the versions (or ranges of versions) listed here:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-201">Office Client 15.0.[0000-4766].\*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-201">Office Client 15.0.[0000-4766].\*</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-202">Office Client 16.0.[0000-4293].\*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-202">Office Client 16.0.[0000-4293].\*</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-203">Office Client 16.0.6001.[0000-1032]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-203">Office Client 16.0.6001.[0000-1032]</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="a0fb3-204">Office Client 16.0.[6000-6224].\*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0fb3-204">Office Client 16.0.[6000-6224].\*</span></span>
    

